WHAT IS RACE?

A category of people who have been singled out as inferior or superior, 
often on the basis of real or alleged physical characteristics.

Some people views race as:
Skin color: The Caucasian race
Religion: The Jewish race
Nationality: The British race
Entire human species: The human race
কিছু লোক জাতিকে এভাবে দেখে:
ত্বকের রঙ: ককেশীয় জাতি
ধর্মঃ ইহুদি জাতি
জাতীয়তা: ব্রিটিশ জাতি
সমগ্র মানব প্রজাতি: মানব জাতি

clafication:
1.caucasoid:south west & europian 
2.negroid: africans
3.mongoloaid: east asia
4.australoid:southeast asia


        Negtito

tony joseps books"Early indians :the story of our acenstors and  where we came from"
the modern humans first made their way from africa into indians subcontinent 
65000 years ago
negrito came here as original shelters.few people of tribe negrito still existing in
the place like sundarbans,andacan,nicobar etc.

 Austriod

In the dispersal process the groups of the people who went to South-East Asia are known as Austro-Asiatic people.
They developed languages which are known Austric Language.
They came Bengal Basin in 10000-12000 years ago.
These people came from the east in to the area of Bangladesh several thousand years ago.
They have introduced rice cultivation in our area .

বিচ্ছুরণ প্রক্রিয়ায় যারা দক্ষিণ-পূর্ব এশিয়ায় গিয়েছিলেন তাদের দল অস্ট্রো-এশিয়াটিক মানুষ হিসেবে পরিচিত।
তারা অস্ট্রিক ভাষা নামে পরিচিত ভাষার বিকাশ ঘটায়।
তারা 10000-12000 বছর আগে বেঙ্গল বেসিনে এসেছিল।
এই মানুষগুলো কয়েক হাজার বছর আগে পূর্ব থেকে বাংলাদেশে এসেছিল।
তারা আমাদের এলাকায় ধান চাষ চালু করেছে।


Mongloid 

they came here several years ago from east
they spread hi
they related to burmasas and thai 
face : YEllow or yellowish brown 
hair:straight, the body facial hair is scanty /nominal

dravidians 
they came here 8000-10000 years ago
dravidian family of language 
this languages mostly causiod people
generally darker than the different people to the east and
west of south asia 
developed INDUS VAllEY CIVILIZAtioN
made their own city and became ruler



later others immigrants -Arabs,turks  and pathans 


 







